The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - The state of real estate - Part 1
https://clips.twitch.tv/WrongPeacefulStinkbugMau5-tc1xi4aNVfGAZfbW
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - The state of real estate - Part 2
https://clips.twitch.tv/KnottyPiliablePidgeonBloodTrail-cdbXT0FmZePySbFZ
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - The state of real estate - Part 3
https://clips.twitch.tv/HungrySplendidWalrusNononoCat-b97QLwSfdw36O058
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Hall of Fame Part 1 - Djpp's scorecard
https://clips.twitch.tv/UnusualBloodyToadWOOP-xn91rd1VXpPf4DH9
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Hall of Fame Part 2 - Djpp's scorecard
https://clips.twitch.tv/PuzzledSlickSageCmonBruh-CBANx-692aUTpEje
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Hall of Fame Part 3 - Djpp's scorecard
https://clips.twitch.tv/SaltyCarelessVanillaSquadGoals-obzpdQa5SeYkpg1i
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Hall of Fame Part 4 - Djpp's scorecard
https://clips.twitch.tv/AliveCrispyKimchiOptimizePrime-jTfE26xwcFOwxgMc
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Nebula 4 ain't even started yet - Part 1
https://clips.twitch.tv/KathishBlueFoxOhMyDog-2GlnaZhCC1zmtoDj
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Nebula 4 ain't even started yet - Part 2
https://clips.twitch.tv/DelightfulGenerousCheesecakeKappaRoss-_1XhTP55-T7OfB4E
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Nebula 4 ain't even started yet - Part 3
https://clips.twitch.tv/TalentedUnsightlyWolfTakeNRG-ucm3pQwsqt36TrnB
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Nebula 4 ain't even started yet - Part 4
https://clips.twitch.tv/DoubtfulCulturedDonkeySeemsGood-ILwfNT0QCgVuUX3A
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Nebula 4 ain't even started yet - Part 5
https://clips.twitch.tv/EnthusiasticPeacefulAnteaterSmoocherZ-44EMahMzbW4s8RBb
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Hall of Fame Part 5 - Waffles's & R3V3R3NT's scorecards
https://clips.twitch.tv/ModernAgitatedKaleDoggo-xU2qyhsGUdk0oik2
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Hall of Fame Part 6 - R3V3R3NT's scorecards
https://clips.twitch.tv/HyperEagerRuffTriHard-14oLEGjQfIgt5Uq0
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Hall of Fame Part 7 - R3V3R3NT's scorecards
https://clips.twitch.tv/DepressedRamshackleScallionHeyGirl-prFR0jcIIHKTRraY
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Hall of Fame Part 8 - R3V3R3NT's scorecards
https://clips.twitch.tv/BreakableClumsyTriangleBCWarrior-yI1ue2aqGu_hhhAD
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Reddit easter egg part 1 - Dodgecoin's cheatsheet
https://clips.twitch.tv/GleamingGenerousCarrotTwitchRPG-3sZf2KFDh4DisMQO
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Reddit easter egg part 2 - Dodgecoin's cheatsheet
https://clips.twitch.tv/SparklyInventiveParrotWow-cj6B2D6kIb3OmQFB
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Crypto TA Part 1 - BTCUSD + BNBUSD
https://clips.twitch.tv/LazyLuckyGooseKappaClaus-nLZI8XXO36EEdLln
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Crypto TA Part 2 - BNBUSD + BTCUSD
https://clips.twitch.tv/EncouragingInexpensiveSowDAESuppy-mcCdsZZR4OJ-MgEN
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Crypto TA Part 3 - ETHUSD
https://clips.twitch.tv/ThoughtfulAbstemiousSnakeSoonerLater-cA6Vgl5MDIXxpaQ4
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Crypto TA Part 4 - ETHUSD
https://clips.twitch.tv/MildSavageDiscDxCat-Y27-sHnRboFc3qrT
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 1 - NEX
https://clips.twitch.tv/EnergeticFragilePonyTwitchRPG-TwOGrXA67204qpeM
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 2 - NEX
https://clips.twitch.tv/FunnyHelpfulOysterTBTacoLeft-uwvhU8ATVftkrZXL
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 3 - NEX
https://clips.twitch.tv/KawaiiBoredBatKappa-U2aUiamswSmEi-Nv
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 4 - TSLA + RIOT + MARA
https://clips.twitch.tv/SassyGrotesqueYakinikuDogFace-e8uWHTko-gPxbnVp
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 5 - TSLA
https://clips.twitch.tv/MildShyBeaverAliens-dzgPAIeKXMBWinOs
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 6 - OPEN + EXPI
https://clips.twitch.tv/TallDarkSwallowVoHiYo-POQ6eUUAs2Y2lH1n
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 6 - OPEN + EXPI
https://clips.twitch.tv/TrappedExuberantSlothWoofer-_vJRykQquSgNwkUZ
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 7 - OPEN - Twitch
https://clips.twitch.tv/FlaccidBlueRutabagaWutFace-kRv0YTuQEGnO9HOh
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 8 - SPCE
https://clips.twitch.tv/LovelyPolishedSkunkSquadGoals-Stj_k2AOWYQfQXxH
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 9 - SPCE
https://clips.twitch.tv/PowerfulManlyBoarEleGiggle-ey_5Tz6cbxAfOY4N
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 10 - PYPL + MSTR
https://clips.twitch.tv/OilyBraveDragonflyBabyRage-kq3apb4T7loz2Il-
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 11 - PYPL
https://clips.twitch.tv/EnthusiasticPatientChamoisLitty-rUvM8E8GQP67oxpk
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 12 - AVAV + RDFN + OPEN + EXPI
https://clips.twitch.tv/SmoggyGeniusHorseDansGame-rKC49HkUAxFRo4DZ
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 13 - RDFN + OPEN + EXPI
https://clips.twitch.tv/ManlyKindRaisinBudBlast-j6Bn4SmrzZbanSkL
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 14 - AVAV
https://clips.twitch.tv/GracefulNeighborlyBadgerLitty-Fm7civL-c1fQVxtb
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 15- PLUG
https://clips.twitch.tv/AntsyLazyWitchOSfrog-LjiMh8W4L7F1cLZJ
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 16- SNAP - Twitch
https://clips.twitch.tv/SpeedyFreezingCakeStoneLightning-4pn4BlDO_zjwKGlM
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 17 - SNAP - Twitch
https://clips.twitch.tv/WittyPlainAlbatrossWTRuck-1uNMzE_R6hR3oV5y
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 18 - SNAP - Twitch
https://clips.twitch.tv/TalentedPiercingPelicanBuddhaBar-3_23LGJ-qTbY2rSp
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 19 - XPO - Twitch
https://clips.twitch.tv/HungryPoisedGorillaVoteNay-jc5Qwt763bhSkj7c
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 20 - PM - Twitch
https://clips.twitch.tv/ObliqueDependableOtterWow-jFlc740M0YThpQFc
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 21 - PM - Twitch
https://clips.twitch.tv/DistinctFancyMageBigBrother-PViGw9M-AJNShuhG
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 22 - O + XLRE - Twitch
https://clips.twitch.tv/FamousComfortableLegGingerPower-vxg11xPvjo3D_tlb
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 23 - MNST - Twitch
https://clips.twitch.tv/GentleFurryJalapenoKeepo-0YqInjlN0Xjnk-vo
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 24 - MNST - Twitch
https://clips.twitch.tv/PoorCoyWitchPeteZaroll-Z9qQjMy0VcxhRevM
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 25 - KBR - Twitch
https: K.I.S.S - The state of real estate - Part 1
https://clips.twitch.tv/WrongPeacefulStinkbugMau5-tc1xi4aNVfGAZfbW
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - The state of real estate - Part 2
https://clips.twitch.tv/KnottyPiliablePidgeonBloodTrail-cdbXT0FmZePySbFZ
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - The state of real estate - Part 3
https://clips.twitch.tv/HungrySplendidWalrusNononoCat-b97QLwSfdw36O058
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Hall of Fame Part 1 - Djpp's scorecard
https://clips.twitch.tv/UnusualBloodyToadWOOP-xn91rd1VXpPf4DH9
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Hall of Fame Part 2 - Djpp's scorecard
https://clips.twitch.tv/PuzzledSlickSageCmonBruh-CBANx-692aUTpEje
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Hall of Fame Part 3 - Djpp's scorecard
https://clips.twitch.tv/SaltyCarelessVanillaSquadGoals-obzpdQa5SeYkpg1i
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Hall of Fame Part 4 - Djpp's scorecard
https://clips.twitch.tv/AliveCrispyKimchiOptimizePrime-jTfE26xwcFOwxgMc
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Nebula 4 ain't even started yet - Part 1
https://clips.twitch.tv/KathishBlueFoxOhMyDog-2GlnaZhCC1zmtoDj
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Nebula 4 ain't even started yet - Part 2
https://clips.twitch.tv/DelightfulGenerousCheesecakeKappaRoss-_1XhTP55-T7OfB4E
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Nebula 4 ain't even started yet - Part 3
https://clips.twitch.tv/TalentedUnsightlyWolfTakeNRG-ucm3pQwsqt36TrnB
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Nebula 4 ain't even started yet - Part 4
https://clips.twitch.tv/DoubtfulCulturedDonkeySeemsGood-ILwfNT0QCgVuUX3A
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Nebula 4 ain't even started yet - Part 5
https://clips.twitch.tv/EnthusiasticPeacefulAnteaterSmoocherZ-44EMahMzbW4s8RBb
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Hall of Fame Part 5 - Waffles's & R3V3R3NT's scorecards
https://clips.twitch.tv/ModernAgitatedKaleDoggo-xU2qyhsGUdk0oik2
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Hall of Fame Part 6 - R3V3R3NT's scorecards
https://clips.twitch.tv/HyperEagerRuffTriHard-14oLEGjQfIgt5Uq0
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Hall of Fame Part 7 - R3V3R3NT's scorecards
https://clips.twitch.tv/DepressedRamshackleScallionHeyGirl-prFR0jcIIHKTRraY
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Hall of Fame Part 8 - R3V3R3NT's scorecards
https://clips.twitch.tv/BreakableClumsyTriangleBCWarrior-yI1ue2aqGu_hhhAD
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Reddit easter egg part 1 - Dodgecoin's cheatsheet
https://clips.twitch.tv/GleamingGenerousCarrotTwitchRPG-3sZf2KFDh4DisMQO
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Reddit easter egg part 2 - Dodgecoin's cheatsheet
https://clips.twitch.tv/SparklyInventiveParrotWow-cj6B2D6kIb3OmQFB
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Crypto TA Part 1 - BTCUSD + BNBUSD
https://clips.twitch.tv/LazyLuckyGooseKappaClaus-nLZI8XXO36EEdLln
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Crypto TA Part 2 - BNBUSD + BTCUSD
https://clips.twitch.tv/EncouragingInexpensiveSowDAESuppy-mcCdsZZR4OJ-MgEN
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Crypto TA Part 3 - ETHUSD
https://clips.twitch.tv/ThoughtfulAbstemiousSnakeSoonerLater-cA6Vgl5MDIXxpaQ4
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Crypto TA Part 4 - ETHUSD
https://clips.twitch.tv/MildSavageDiscDxCat-Y27-sHnRboFc3qrT
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 1 - NEX
https://clips.twitch.tv/EnergeticFragilePonyTwitchRPG-TwOGrXA67204qpeM
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 2 - NEX
https://clips.twitch.tv/FunnyHelpfulOysterTBTacoLeft-uwvhU8ATVftkrZXL
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 3 - NEX
https://clips.twitch.tv/KawaiiBoredBatKappa-U2aUiamswSmEi-Nv
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 4 - TSLA + RIOT + MARA
https://clips.twitch.tv/SassyGrotesqueYakinikuDogFace-e8uWHTko-gPxbnVp
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 5 - TSLA
https://clips.twitch.tv/MildShyBeaverAliens-dzgPAIeKXMBWinOs
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 6 - OPEN + EXPI
https://clips.twitch.tv/TallDarkSwallowVoHiYo-POQ6eUUAs2Y2lH1n
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 6 - OPEN + EXPI
https://clips.twitch.tv/TrappedExuberantSlothWoofer-_vJRykQquSgNwkUZ
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 7 - OPEN - Twitch
https://clips.twitch.tv/FlaccidBlueRutabagaWutFace-kRv0YTuQEGnO9HOh
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 8 - SPCE
https://clips.twitch.tv/LovelyPolishedSkunkSquadGoals-Stj_k2AOWYQfQXxH
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 9 - SPCE
https://clips.twitch.tv/PowerfulManlyBoarEleGiggle-ey_5Tz6cbxAfOY4N
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 10 - PYPL + MSTR
https://clips.twitch.tv/OilyBraveDragonflyBabyRage-kq3apb4T7loz2Il-
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 11 - PYPL
https://clips.twitch.tv/EnthusiasticPatientChamoisLitty-rUvM8E8GQP67oxpk
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 12 - AVAV + RDFN + OPEN + EXPI
https://clips.twitch.tv/SmoggyGeniusHorseDansGame-rKC49HkUAxFRo4DZ
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 13 - RDFN + OPEN + EXPI
https://clips.twitch.tv/ManlyKindRaisinBudBlast-j6Bn4SmrzZbanSkL
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 14 - AVAV
https://clips.twitch.tv/GracefulNeighborlyBadgerLitty-Fm7civL-c1fQVxtb
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 15- PLUG
https://clips.twitch.tv/AntsyLazyWitchOSfrog-LjiMh8W4L7F1cLZJ
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 16- SNAP - Twitch
https://clips.twitch.tv/SpeedyFreezingCakeStoneLightning-4pn4BlDO_zjwKGlM
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 17 - SNAP - Twitch
https://clips.twitch.tv/WittyPlainAlbatrossWTRuck-1uNMzE_R6hR3oV5y
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 18 - SNAP - Twitch
https://clips.twitch.tv/TalentedPiercingPelicanBuddhaBar-3_23LGJ-qTbY2rSp
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 19 - XPO - Twitch
https://clips.twitch.tv/HungryPoisedGorillaVoteNay-jc5Qwt763bhSkj7c
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 20 - PM - Twitch
https://clips.twitch.tv/ObliqueDependableOtterWow-jFlc740M0YThpQFc
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 21 - PM - Twitch
https://clips.twitch.tv/DistinctFancyMageBigBrother-PViGw9M-AJNShuhG
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 22 - O + XLRE - Twitch
https://clips.twitch.tv/FamousComfortableLegGingerPower-vxg11xPvjo3D_tlb
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 23 - MNST - Twitch
https://clips.twitch.tv/GentleFurryJalapenoKeepo-0YqInjlN0Xjnk-vo
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 24 - MNST - Twitch
https://clips.twitch.tv/PoorCoyWitchPeteZaroll-Z9qQjMy0VcxhRevM
The Real Nomics: K.I.S.S - Stocks TA Part 25 - KBR - Twitch
https://clips.twitch.tv/AbrasivePopularAmazonNotLikeThis-1KywU42XA5CPZj0x
